[cackles]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
After learning of the
Kingdom's dark history,
Usopp broke the curse
on its people,
revealing the truth to all.
Doflamingo, left with
no other option,
confined the island in his
inescapable "Birdcage."
[DOFLAMINGO] Now, it's time
to watch the final act unfold.
The Birdcage...
...it's starting!
[LAW]
Doflamingo...
...will kill every
person in Dressrosa.
[LUFFY] "The 500 Million
Berry Man! Target: Usoland!"
[PIRATE A grunting]
Damn! It's just
dulling my blade!
[PIRATE B]
Move! Lemme give it a try!
That do it?
[PIRATES gasp]
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSPEOPLE groaning]
Daddy!
Everyone! Get out of here!
I'm not in control of what I do!
[laughs] No one's
coming to help you.
And not a single soul will be
able to leave the "Birdcage."
Hello? Hello?
[DOFLAMINGO]
By the way, it's also useless
to call for outside help.
Not one solitary, pathetic
whimper can escape this place.
Quite the predicament.
You're going to be killed by
the people you trust the most.
[TOWNSMAN I]
Please, help, somebody!
I don't wanna hurt my family!
Your neighbors, friends,
and loved ones
will continue to rampage.
Killing anyone in
their way. Even you.
[TOWNSMAN J]
P-Please don't do this!
I swear, I don't wanna
hurt you! I'm sorry!
Get back! I can't
fight it! Get away!
[TOWNSMAN L, MARINE C groan]
[screaming]
[laughing]
Issho, sir!
[MARINES groaning]
[DOFLAMINGO] It's pointless
to run and hide.
You'll find that there's no safe
place to be in the Birdcage.
You'll only be met with terror
that'll last for days on end.
There's only two ways
this can stop.
Either you all die out,
or you meet my win conditions.
[laughing]
[TOWNSPEOPLE shouting]
[TOY MAN A]
Damn that Doflamingo!
You can never predict
his next move!
[TOY MAN B] I can't believe
the factory somehow
up and disappeared like that!
How is that possible?
[TOY MAN A] Who cares!
This is our chance to scram!
[TOY MAN C] We can finally
escape this hellhole!
At long last, I never thought
I'd live to see the day!
Praise be to the
all mighty god Usopp!
[TOY MAN F]
Amen to that!
[KIN'EMON]
Miss Robin!
Kin'emon! There you are.
I'm glad you're all right!
[KIN'EMON]
Metal breast-bands?
Indeed, this is quite
the foreign culture.
[KIN'EMON]
How splendid!
[BARTOLOMEO grunting]
[gasps, screams]
Miss Robin, can I be your slave?
No, I mean... Can I
ask you somethin'?
[ROBIN]
Hm?
Uh, so like, that guy's nose--
To me, it has more than
a passing resemblance
to Sniper King's. The guy
who shot down the flag
at the Tower of Law.
[ROBIN] Yes, that's him.
His name is Usopp.
Ohhh! And to think he's
here with Miss Robin,
who was moved by the
actions of her crew.
Who turned against
the whole world
in order to save one
of their mates!
I'm blessed by the
"Enies Lobby Duo"!
Yes! Oh, yes! Yeah!
Can you stop geeking out
for a second? Just shut up!
[HACK]
Hmm...
This is the same kid
who broke my wrist?
[KIN'EMON] I leave these
lilliputian warriors
in your care.
Though tiny in stature,
they're rich in courage.
Topknot-land! How kind of you!
We found them like this
in the palace.
They're in pretty rough shape,
but they fought hard.
We're so proud of you!
Great job, guys!
Stop me! Somebody!
My body is out of control!
Help me!
[sobs] This is exactly like
the tragedy from a decade ago!
[TOWNSMAN R]
I now know the truth.
That night that King
Riku attacked us,
it wasn't his fault!
He was manipulated!
[TOWNSMAN R]
Manipulated by Doflamingo!
[TOWNSMAN S groaning]
[TOWNSMAN T groans]
[DOFLAMINGO] You're angry?
Then scream! Suffer!
You'll all eventually become
casualties of this wicked game!
Help my boy!
[TOWNSMAN V grunts]
[laughing]
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMAN X]
Let me die!
[gasping]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Doflamingo! Stop
this lunacy. Ah...
[DOFLAMINGO] Think it over.
Will you attempt to kill me?
Or will spare yourselves
and join my Family?
All that I'm asking you
to do is to hold just
12 fools accountable
for rebelling against me.
If you make the wrong choice,
you'll never get to see
the end result of this game.
The stars will be worth
100 million berries each.
[TOYS]
...100 million berries?!
[DOFLAMINGO]
The following individuals
will be your ticket out.
[ALL gasping]
Let me introduce
the One-stars.
[DOFLAMINGO] Now let's move
onto the Two-stars.
[TOY MAN G]
A-Army Commander Kyros!
Wasn't he the...
invincible gladiator?
He listed pirates, too!
I saw the Straw Hat Crew!
Violet was Princess Viola?
But she's with the Family!
[laughs] And now, let's move
onto the head honchos.
I present to you
the Three-stars!
[ALL cheering]
[TOYS]
...300 million!
Law and Straw Hat?
Who'd have thought we'd be
hunting the alliance that
shocked the world!
The king?
He was still alive!
Poor King Riku!
He's from the
Revolutionary Army!
That's their Chief of Staff!
Looks like you've got fans.
Ah, seriously?
[ALL cheering]
[DWARVES gasping]
[USOPP] Well, that's a relief.
Glad I didn't make the list.
[DOFLAMINGO] And finally,
there's one man in particular
who aroused my indignation and
resentment more than the others.
You can direct all complaints
to this guy as he's the reason
you're all forced to play
this ruthless game.
And the person who kills him
will get a hearty reward.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Five hundred million berries!
[ALL cheering]
[BOTH gasp]
[ALL]
...500 million!
[TOY MAN N]
I'd never have to work again!
[GROUP gasping]
[USOPP gasping]
F-F-Five stars?
[LEO]
Oh, no! You hear that Usoland?
[ALL murmuring, chuckling]
Five-stars, huh?
I spot a pair of One-stars
and a Three-star, too!
What do you want us to do, Sabo?
We should make our escape.
Get to the surface! Let's hurry!
You gotta die! Please
forgive us, God Usopp!
Let's live in
the lap of luxury!
Huh? These traitors
were all worshiping me
just a few minutes ago!
Save me! Let's go!
[LEO]
Yes, sir!
[KIN'EMON]
Madam Robin!
I will be staying behind
until I can locate Kanjuro.
Please excuse me.
Be careful!
[TOY MAN S] That's one
of them too, isn't it?
He's worth 100 million!
That's the samurai!
This is quite vexing!
[KIN'EMON] Uh! Huh? If I recall,
this is the scrap heap!
Kanjuro are you there?
Please respond!
[TOY MAN U] The 100 million
berries are as good as mine!
[KIN'EMON]
I've no choice!
[TOY MAN V] He's gone! Our
paycheck fell down the hole!
[KIN'EMON yelling]
[TOWNSMAN Y]
Get outta here!
You have little time
for indecisiveness.
The longer this takes,
the more people fall,
the more buildings burn.
Either you kill me,
or you take out the
12 targeted criminals.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Now, let the games begin!
[laughing]
I dunno. This feels wrong,
now that we know King Riku
was innocent all this time.
What if everyone
in town teams up?
Then we might have a shot
at taking Doflamingo out!
[TOWNSMAN AD]
Hmm...
It's not just him, though.
He's got at least 2,000
people in his Family.
And I bet they're
more than willing
to throw their lives
on the line for him.
What are we supposed to do?
King Riku is near the top
of the most wanted list.
Should we have his back?
He's innocent.
Maybe it's okay if we
take them in alive?
Like, if we apprehend them,
that might be good enough.
What else can we do?
We're out of options!
--Agreed!
--Yeah.
Fine! Okay!
Oops, looks like we
broke the robot.
Guess that's one down
and 11 to go. Huh?
[SEÑOR] Uh? Coulda sworn that
cyborg was down for the count.
Where did he run off to?
[FRANKY panting]
I got a case of cola with your
name on it, SMILE factory!
Huh? Look, over there!
It's one of the Straw Hats!
[FRANKY panting]
[PIRATE D]
Get back here!
Wait a sec! Aren't
you guys the ex-toys
who were saved by Usopp?
What gives?
[PIRATE D laughing]
I promise it's nothing personal!
You're worth 100 million berries
though and a man's gotta eat!
[PIRATE E]
I'm collecting the bounty!
Let's go! You suckers!
All of you are being
blinded by money!
Go ahead and try!
I'm gonna stomp you
for being greedy!
[PIRATES scream]
Heh. Talk loud, get plowed.
[gasps] Get that guy!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
He's one of the
criminals on the list!
[TOWNSMEN grunting]
Let's go!
[TOWNSMAN AH]
Let's take him down!
[TOWNSMEN grunting]
[TOWNSMAN AB]
Don't worry about us! Shoot!
[FRANKY]
Cut it out already!
I don't have time to
dance with you punks!
[TOWNSMAN AC]
Hurry! Shoot him!
[TOWNSMEN grunting]
Do it!
Go ahead, pal.
[gasping]
That was it?
What else have ya got?
[TOWNSMAN Z gasping]
We don't have a choice.
There's no other way out.
If I fight you losers one
on one, this'll never end.
[TOWNSMEN groaning]
[TOWNSMAN AC whimpers]
[FRANKY chuckles]
This should do it.
Usopp did his part,
now it's my turn!
I'm gonna bash that
factory into pieces!
[TREBOL]
Hey, hey!
How did the factory
move on its own, huh?
It was Pica.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Click.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Trebol...
--Yeah?
--Doffy?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Diamante! Good.
I didn't realize you
were there, too.
Uh, yeah.
Doffy. I got some bad news.
Both of you! Come back
to the palace at once.
We'll talk details later.
All right?
Click.
Attack!
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
Barrier!
[ALL groaning]
[laughs] Piss off, ya goons!
Keep going! Almost there!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B ringing]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL B]
Click!
Zoro?
Yeah.
[ROBIN]
Where are you?
Well, uh... I think it's called
"The King's Plateau."
Anyway, I'm here
with Luffy's group.
Things are gettin'
messy, aren't they?
Oh, Robin, hey!
Did you see Mingo?
Man, he makes me so mad!
The whole thing about Usopp's
pretty hilarious though!
[USOPP]
Shut up, Luffy!
[laughs]
I saw Rebecca was on
that dumb list, too.
I hope she's doing okay.
About Rebecca...
[REBECCA] Yes! I'm right here!
Is that you Lucy?
Oh! Great timing then! Guess
what! The soldier's with me!
Oh? Uh. Hm...
Where'd that guy go, anyway?
[VIOLET gasps]
Heavens no. Don't tell me.
[PIRATE F]
One of the targets!
Let's get 'em!
Soldier's there? He turned back
into a human, didn't he?
Tell me, Lucy! What is he like?
That's a funny question!
You mean you don't know?
That one-legged soldier, right?
[PIRATES grunting]
[LUFFY]
He's your father.
[gasps] Huh?
[LUFFY] He's also that
badass statue guy!
[REBECCA gasping]
I... I couldn't save her.
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
I failed to protect your mother!
[gasps]
I regret I couldn't save
your mother's life.
But I will devote mine
to protect yours,
whatever the cost!
Some day... happiness
will return to you.
Until then, I will
stay by your side!
I thought so!
[KYROS] Run to safety!
I'll save you, Rebecca!
[REBECCA, KYROS] ♪ This toy
soldier is brave and true ♪
♪ In the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you ♪
[REBECCA, KYROS laugh]
A very happy birthday
to you, Rebecca!
[REBECCA laughing]
You're going to learn
to defend yourself.
What for? I mean, I've got you.
[KYROS]
But you must protect yourself
from those who would hurt you.
Human instinct is powerful!
You're much stronger than this!
Look within yourself!
Show me the strength
of humanity!
I'm nothing but a toy.
I don't know how long
I can continue!
Rebecca, stand up!
Become strong!
[LUFFY]
That's good, right?
He was just here, but
took off so I lost 'em.
Listen to me, Rebecca.
[ALL screaming]
You can't start crying yet.
I won't let the solider die.
Be strong, okay?
I feel kinda bad that I
wouldn't let you have
the Flame Flame Fruit.
I know why you wanted it.
But don't worry! I can
promise you one thing:
I'm gonna give Doflamingo
the beating of his life!
Make sure you guys all
live to see it, okay?
I'll end this stupid
game in no time!
So stay safe! You hear me?
Right!
[ALL yelling]
I'm coming for you, Mingo!
[NARRATOR] Law, Zoro,
and Luffy are on the move!
The three race for
the Royal Palace
with one thing on their mind...
to confront Doflamingo!
However, they are greeted by
the Family executives Machvise,
Señor, and Dellinger. And when
some rowdy pirates arrive
to pick up their bounty, things
get even more complicated.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Breaking through Enemy Lines!
Luffy and Zoro Launch
the Counter-Attack!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!